hi I'm the YouTube deal guy you might
know me from your local TV station or
USA Today if you're subscribing to the
reason I have a job you've no idea how
much I appreciate you every day I find
huge deals none of these are paid
products I don't make a dime of
commission on anything I show you and I
put everything right under this video
window and today before we get to some
really amazing Bluetooth savings I just
want to point out that if you are new to
this channel you click the subscribe
button on your screen right now you'll
be signed up to get all of my huge deals
moving forward not the end of this video
I'll explain of course how you can make
the ultimate grab the Bluetooth speaker
that I was going to test today actually
is not this one I was gonna do the sound
brick because it had dropped in price
again but when I actually got to hear
the sound on one of these bad boys and
then see all of the features tied to
this go group I was blown away
now here's what I like about this
rechargeable wireless speaker it has NFC
technology so what that means if your
device is equipped like many
blackberries are and actually the
Android device I use all you have to do
is tap your phone against the speaker to
pair it that is an incredible feature
but of course there's also Bluetooth
capability if you have an iPhone or any
other device tremendous speakers which
intern Amy is gonna show you I am II
will get back to her in a moment and the
speaker which is rechargeable with that
flash input and Bluetooth 2.1 is
tremendous the price is incredible 20
bucks down from 70 72 percent off before
Amy shows you the speaker for those of
you that need a refresher on the
controls sometimes as we do with all of
our devices there's a grid on the back
that shows you what you can do the
speakers are not only on one side of
this so that means you're getting in
fact stereo sound now in turn Amy is
ready with the audio test you actually
really like this device out of the dozen
you've had a chance to test yeah I like
this one mainly because it can
bluetooth sync to my to my phone but if
you don't have a bluetooth on your phone
you can use this aux cord and it charges
via USB which is also nice so right now
we're gonna do an audio test with my
favorite song what's your favorite song
other than my theme song that opens this
video which we get complaints about
make it louder though I'm now like 20
feet away from you grapes and as you can
tell now if you want to grab this deal
the link located right under this video
window this will be around maybe a few
days ideal for dads grads everything
else and now floor director Jeannie has
a very important message for you hey
guys it's floor director Jeannie if you
like this video make sure to give it a
thumbs up and also just click this
subscribe button
dision click right here also right now
if you're not on a mobile device you'll
see a wheel beside that subscribe button
click for more options make sure you
have send me updates checked
that will ensure you get emailed every
time I upload a huge deal
and remember every deal I feature has a
link so you can redeem it they're all
located right under this video window
just click the show more tab and every
link I have for every deal is right
there
thank you so much for watching
you